### Web APP Project Reflection 
# Team Member: Runze Ouyang, Tingxuan Li

## Project Overview

    -In this project, we first finished the mbta_helpter.py which helps us to find the stop near the address. And we make the extension to request the data of the typs of vehicles. In app.py, we use the function from mbta_helpter.py and flask to make the website functional. Also,we have developed a database in the app.py to store the data requests. When users visit the index page at http://127.0.0.1:5000/, the page will show "hello" , the instruction and an input form that requests the address and the vehicle type they choose( the vehicle type options will be the check box), the title will be *Amazing app to help you find the nearest station*. Then, users confirm their address and click the 'Submit' button, the mbta_station page will show for the user which presents nearest MBTA stop and whether it is wheelchair accessible. If something is wrong, the app will render a simple error page called 404, which will include some indication that the search did not work,and a button (or link) that will redirect the user back to the home page.If the user submit the form but there's no stop near the address, the page will direct user to 500 page which tells user that there's no station near the address and they can come back to the home page. 

## Project Reflection 

    -We have learnt a lot from the team assigment. From the knowledge aspect, we have consolidate and apply the Flask we learnt from class and from the tutorial page in the instruction. Also, we have learnt how to develop a database to keep track of the data we get. What's more, in order to make our page more interactive, we have the extension to let users choose the vehicle type they would like to take, and return the data they need. We think the project was appropriately scoped as we have utilized the knowledge we learnt in class and some self-study knowledge. I think we can improve more on the page design, using CSS or javascript. Also, in the result page, we can add more information on different vehicle and their stations instead of just return one result. Also, we think this project can help us a lot for our term project. As we want to make a food order management web app, we have the impression on how we can make it into reality step by step. 

    -For team collaboration, we did the mbta_helper seperately, each did part of it. Then, we did pair coding in app.py so that we can learn together and on the same track. When we code seperately and meet question, we discuss by calling to solve the question. I think overall we coperate very well, the team is supportive. For term project, we would keep the same pace and finish it smoothly. 